Update kvm virtualization guide (#330)
haiku/website: content/guides/virtualizing/kvm.md

sudo apt-get install qemu-kvm libvirt-daemon-system libvirt-clients virt-manager
```

To enable libvirtd on boot, enter the following command into the terminal:
```sh
sudo systemctl enable libvirtd
```

### Installing and running Haiku from an anyboot image <a name="part_iso"></a>

The following guide will describe the installation of Haiku on KVM, using an **``anyboot``** image. Once the  image is downloaded, you can start the installation.

First, create a new virtual machine.

![virt_machine_manager2](/assets/virt_machine_manager2_oh7detqto.png)

Then, choose the method of OS installation, which is **`Local install media`** in this case and click **`Forward`**.

![step_one](/assets/step_one_ogwlxytcr.png)

Browse to the **``anyboot``** image you have downloaded, and then select the operating system you are installing. By default, it should automatically detect the OS you are installing after you have chosen **``anyboot``**, but in case it doesn't, just uncheck the **`Automatically detect`** checkbox and just type in the OS name. Then, click **`Forward`**.

![step_two](/assets/step_two.png)

> Here, we choose the memory and CPU settings. What you should select here, depends on the system you have, it is better to assign more than 256M of RAM for smooth running; too much, on the other hand, may cause a lag for the host. After choosing the memory size and CPU, click **`Forward`**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here, we choose the memory and CPU settings. What you should select here, depends on the system you have. It is better to assign more than 256MiB of RAM for smooth running; too much, on the other hand, may cause a lag for the host. After choosing the memory size and CPU, click **`Forward`**.
```

![step_three](/assets/step_three_rmtumfhaf.png)

> Here, we can adjust the size of the disk image. After adjusting, click **`Forward`**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here, we can adjust the size of the disk image. When done, click **`Forward`**.
```

![step_four](/assets/step_four_41jrybu8e.png)

Name the virtual machine, verify the settings of the VM, then click **`Finish`**

![step_five](/assets/step_five_ky53f4k8m.png)

> After clicking **`Finish`**, a popup saying `Virtual Network is not active` may appear, don't worry, it's just asking you to enable the ``'default'`` network which is set by default, just click `yes` and everything should be fine, if not, see the [Troubleshooting section](#part_trouble). the VM will start and boot to the Haiku image. You can choose to install Haiku or boot to the desktop. Installation is simple and does not differ really from a physical one (follow the guides [on this page](/get-haiku/installation-guide) if you are not familiar with installing Haiku).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After clicking **`Finish`**, a popup saying `Virtual Network is not active` may appear. Don't worry, it's just asking you to enable the ``'default'`` network. Jjust click `Yes` and everything should be fine, if not, see the [Troubleshooting section](#part_trouble).     
The VM will now start and boot the Haiku image. You can choose to install Haiku or boot to the desktop. Installation is simple and does not differ really from a physical one (follow the guides [on this page](/get-haiku/installation-guide) if you are not familiar with installing Haiku).
```

### Troubleshooting <a name="part_trouble"></a>

##### Unable to complete install

> After finishing the installation of your VM If you run into an error that says **``unable to complete install: network default is not active``** or something along those lines, make sure that `libvirtd` is running by entering ``sudo systemctl start libvirtd`` in terminal, if the error still occurs do the following steps:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After finishing the installation of your VM, if you run into an error that says **``Unable to complete install: network default is not active``** or something along those lines, make sure that `libvirtd` is running by entering ``sudo systemctl start libvirtd`` in terminal.     
If the error still occurs do the following steps:
```

> >.1 Check if you have the network defined by running:

Reviewer: Is `>.1` the correct markdown for a numbered list? (Also fix for step 2 and 3)

> ```sh

Reviewer: We sometimes have markdown formatting trouble on our website. Make sure here and everywhere following, you have an empty line before and after the "sh" code block.

sudo virsh net-list --all
```
If you got the following output then proceed to Step 2. If you don't and the ``'default'`` network exists, proceed to Step 3.
```sh
Name                 State      Autostart     Persistent
----------------------------------------------------------
```
>.2 Create the ``'default'`` network by copy-pasting the following lines into a file called ``default.xml``, which can be found in the ``libvirt`` directory.
```sh
<network>
  <name>default</name>
  <uuid>9a05da11-e96b-47f3-8253-a3a482e445f5</uuid>
  <forward mode='nat'/>
  <bridge name='virbr0' stp='on' delay='0'/>
  <mac address='52:54:00:0a:cd:21'/>
  <ip address='192.168.122.1' netmask='255.255.255.0'>
    <dhcp>
      <range start='192.168.122.2' end='192.168.122.254'/>
    </dhcp>
  </ip>
</network>
```

> Now to add that network permanently to our KVM host, run the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now, to add that network permanently to our KVM host, run the following:
```

```sh
sudo virsh net-define --file default.xml
```

> >.3 To manually start the network run:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>.3 To manually start the network, run:
```

```sh
sudo virsh net-start default
```

> To have the network automatically start up in future run:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To have the network automatically start up in future, run:
```
